Project Plan:
    1) login page
    2) registration page
    3) Products listing page
    4) Products details page
    5) Cart page
    6) Checkout page
    7) user page
    8) order history page


    See redux section "strategies for complex state" for html/css/state management for the store and cart pages

    12/15:
    Cart.jsx successfully generates a new cart when called with a userID. This generated cart is added to the DB with a unique UUID. 
    Current error is coming from the 'populate cart' function after a recognized user's cart is pulled. Something about the response for the get request for the cart
    is throwing a weird error, like the response object is not JSON but instead html 
    Despite this i don't have time tonight to parse the res object before it gets .json() ified, but i think that would be the first place to look.

    Tomorrow I need to try to get adding items to the cart functionality working properly, and if there's time starting the checkout process.
    

    12/16: 
    I'm not even sure what i got working today. 
        The biggest issue i need to figure out, as it is affecting how a cart re-populates on load, is getting the proper cart_id to store in the state and then be used immediately
            on the first render. I don't know if it just keeps getting written over with new page renders or something, but it's going to be problematic to populate the cart
            if it can't send the correct cart_Id in the request.
            I'm worried that the way i have the cart state set up in Cart.jsx is just causing renders and calls to generateCart too many times which is fucking it all up,
                but i'm not really sure how to test it at all

        I'm having trouble sending paramaters from the user input form in CartButton.jsx, but have tried to use weird state stuff as a work around -- it doesn't always work
            I'm afriad I might have to rework my code in a major way to get the cart component to display correctly.
                right now it only renders when you add something to the cart as this was the only way i could figure out how to update items in the cart when using the form

        Beyond the general issues of the page loading weird, failing to update state of the cart how i need it to, and having issues actually getting things to add to the cart
            object correctly, I'm also having issues with my logic in general. 
                The way that a cart repopulates and adds items to its {items: []} property i don't think is working right but I've been so preoccupied trying to get the 
                    id and add-to-cart stuff to work for the sake of api calls that i haven't even started to test it
                Another issue of logic is the way the cart state's {totalPrice: Number} property is being updated both when a new item is added and when the cart is initially populated


    12/18:
    After reading through some documentation and playing around with my code in Cart.jsx some more, i think i'm just mis-using useEffect which is the crux of my issues.
    At this point it might be wise to create a new Cart functionality file and start over than trying to refactor the code i already have in the file; it just feels a little
        too messy at this point to try and deal with in that way.